Welcome to Moviecaps.
Today I will show you a Biography, Crime,
Drama film from 2017, that's based on a true
story, titled Molly's Game.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
During a competition, an ice skier dashes
downwards through a snow-covered slope.
Molly narrates in the background a survey
for 300 professionals about what's the worst
thing that could happen in sports.
As the screen pans showing the judges tallying
the scores of the skiing competition, Molly
further narrates that one person answered,
it is placing 4th in the Olympics.
Molly is called to prepare on deck.
She recounts how she has been training all
her life while being coached by her dad Larry,
who only sees achieving the goal, with complete
disregard of her well-being.
She prepares herself mentally as she stares
blankly while listening to her iPod.
Against all odds she made the US ski team
by her 20th birthday.
This is the champion run at Deer Valley, last
chance to make it to the Olympics.
Molly shows her splendid technique as she
glides rapidly yet smoothly down the slope.
She explains how Ironic it is that the very
same pine boughs that help skiers; hit her
skis so accurately it simply snaps the release
of her ski locks no matter how tightly bound
it is.
A ski detaches just before the next ramp,
sending her flying erratically in the air
landing on her head.
She crashes.
The crowd screams and gasps in tragedy.
The cameraman catches every second of it.
Whoever answered that the worst thing that
could happen in sports was “fourth place
at the Olympics”, Molly offers a resounding
screw you.
The camera pans around the room with boxes
scattered all around showing a number of her
books.
She is woken up by a phone call from an FBI
special agent Tomasino.
She is commanded to step out and approach
them.
Molly is harshly arrested for a non-violent
crime.
Meanwhile, Molly in the present time recalls
how she appears to be irrationally angry during
her teenage years towards nothing in particular.
Eventually, she finds work as a waitress at
a fancy club in Los Angeles where she gets
to see the rich and famous.
She exhibits wit and astute behavior to convince
people to spend more.
Molly eventually works for Dean Keith, whom
she met in the club.
Dean starts using Molly to organize poker
games for the rich and famous.
Molly prepares the room, welcomes the players,
and takes from each of them $10,000 in cash.
This is where she meets Player X, who will
play a very significant role in Molly's life.
As the game transpires; Molly prepares the
drinks.
She sits in a corner realizing she just counted
off $90,000 with a room full of movie stars,
directors, rappers, boxers, and business Titans
who had complete disregard of all the money
they were burning through playing cards.
In a single night Molly realized that she
had just found herself stuck between a rock
and a hard place, earning $3000 in tips and
the opposite path of a successful law degree.
In the meantime, Molly waits patiently on
the couch of a posh law office where she meets
Stella, Daughter of Charlie Jaffey, her would-be
attorney.
Charlie is reluctant about accepting Molly
as a client but subsequently finds himself
in a stalemate, so he agrees to represent
her only as a representative of a potential
but different future lawyer.
Following the last game at the cobra lounge,
Player X is highlighted.
Demonstrating his immense skill at poker;
hence the survivability of the game will entirely
depend on how other poker players would always
want to play with player X.
She acquires a new place, a new ride, and
$17,000 in cash.
No rush for law school.
While Molly and Charlie enter the hall of
justice, Charlie describes how he is only
going to represent her as a substitute lawyer.
Charlie is tense about something; so much
so that he keeps switching seats with the
security seated next to Molly.
Judge Foxman slowly calls on the defendants
queued inside the courtroom.
As their turn approaches, Charlie changes
his mind because of Molly's noble heart.
Charlie asserts he is her counsel.
During her teenage years, Molly recalls how
her younger brothers have already shown signs
of superior intellect and athleticism.
Molly thinks highly of herself but doesn't
understand why she always baits her father
into a fight even during dinner time.
Molly criticizes her father but ends up failing
when she gets shut down by his firm tone to
show respect or start living on her own.
Soon, in Los Angeles, she had already saved
enough and has done her part to keep her way
of living afloat.
Dean loses to Player X.
He takes it out on Molly by confronting her
and telling her that she is no longer going
to be paid as his executive assistant.
All her arguments to defend her rights fail.
Molly is not about to let this happen; she
uses her life savings to round up a venue,
set up the table, organize a menu, prepare
the drinks and cigars, and glamorize herself
in preparation for what she expects is going
to be the replacement game-night before Dean
fires her.
Molly gets fired
The following morning, she arrives at Dean's
office only to be welcomed by Leah, her replacement.
She flat out lies and texted Leah with phony
contact information about the game.
She arrives at The Four Seasons Hotel after
gathering the players for tonight.
She walks in the middle of the room with a
stunning outfit to tell everyone that she
will now be hosting the games herself.
Molly narrates how the players' egos are fed
by winning, together with the feeling of obliterating
opponents.
Molly asks Jay for a minute of his time.
Player X is seen wondering in slight jealousy
or perhaps envy as to why Jay had to be isolated
by Molly.
Molly talks to Jay alone to explain how an
international Rockstar like him can eventually
end up a bottom feeder if he continues to
flirt with Molly.
Player X discusses with Molly how they should
raise the stakes.
Molly counters that too much money isn't feasible.
Player X wants competition.
Donnie Silverman is invited because he can
easily lose to Player X.
He establishes his dominance because he doesn't
really enjoy the game but enjoys wiping out
the competition.
Brad Marion is invited because a player vouched
for him, the worst poker player to ever live.
Harlan Eustice is a dark horse invited by
Player X.
This time, back in Charlie's office, Charlie
explains how three groups of Russian mafias
are all tied to her because they all play
in her games and that she violated the constitution
by taking a part of the pot money.
They engage in a debate on why Molly has to
hand over her hard drives to Charlie.
Charlie Ultimately convinces her that he can
be trusted by giving his phone as leverage.
So far in Los Angeles, Molly narrates how
Harlan played so well in the beginning until
he got demolished by the worst player in the
game, Brad Marion.
He didn't lose much, but he couldn't get over
it and goes on tilt and starts a massive losing
streak.
At that point the whole LA knew that unbeatable
Harlan is bleeding and everyone wanted to
get in on the action.
He keeps rebuying.
Molly, assuming he has money, puts it on his
tab.
In his final hand Harlan loses a massive pot
of $750000 against a royalty and snaps at
the dealer, he later confesses that he doesn't
have the $1.2 million to pay Molly.
Player X reveals that he has been staking
Harlan and was the same person who loaned
him the $1.2 million.
They eventually get into an unpleasant argument
when Player X, out of jealousy, gets infuriated.
The following night, Player X has taken the
game from her.
Finally in Los Angeles, in one fleeting moment
as she sits inside her room, she realizes
that staying a loser wasn't going to cut it.
She decides to go to New York and start fresh.
Initially in New York, Molly recruits talented
and well-connected Playboy playmates to start
a ruse that Molly is now in town.
She plots a scheme baiting the upper class
of the Big Apple.
The poker game ensues as Molly describes her
earnings close to $5 million, all obtained
legally.
Her latest card dealer, B, convinces her to
eventually take a portion of the pot money
because of an incident where a player cheated
on her, and that’s on top of the money owed
to her by players that could no longer be
found.
She gives in to B’s suggestion in one high
stakes game where the pot amounted to $3 million.
She is now violating the law.
Douglas Downey, a regular and drunkard, eventually
loses and does not have the money to pay for
it.
Molly uses Doug to invite the big time Russian
poker players from Brooklyn.
She succeeds.
Mike Davidoff, Ilya and Alexi Gershen, Shelby
Habib are business magnates in their own fields.
They make the game more interesting but lose
nevertheless.
Molly narrates that there was no way to tell
these gentlemen had deep dark secrets.
Moreover, in Charlie’s office, Molly waits
in sentimental silence.
Charlie arrives with the bad news that his
plan failed.
Charlie settles down and asks Molly about
her father.
Molly admits that she had a lot of pressure
from her dad, but nothing compared to how
tough she was on him.
In one swift pitch that Charlie couldn't intervene;
Molly says she will tell everything they need
to know about her but only about her.
Charlie surrenders.
Back in her New York heyday, Pat, her driver
and security drives her home.
Molly narrates how she liked Pat because she
could open up to him and receive no judgment.
Pat asks her a favor to meet a couple of hedge
fund guys; whom she agrees to meet at the
Four Seasons bar.
She could immediately tell that these two
men, Paul and John G. were barbaric debt collectors
who urged her to hire them, but she declined.
Her doorman tricks Molly into believing that
he has a package for her.
A man knocks on her door, roughs her up, smashes
her head to the wall, takes her money, jewelry,
and gold.
The man threatens to kill her mother in Telluride
Colorado, as he explains that rejecting Paul
and John G was a bad idea.
Molly is on the floor swollen and beaten up,
with a final kick to the stomach Molly passes
out as the perp leaves with a bag full of
cash.
After two weeks of recuperating, in preparation
for the next set of games, she receives a
call from a drunk Douglas letting her know
that he would never rat her out.
During the phone conversation she receives
a text message from her other phone, warning
her to stay away because the FBI have stormed
her venue.
She panics and rushes to depart.
Later, Molly is with Charlie inside a conference
room being interrogated by two prosecutors.
Henderson Wellstone, and another.
She answers their questions patiently while
Charlie is obviously losing patience after
five hours of unsuccessful persuasion with
the prosecutors.
They pressure Molly to cooperate and stand
as a witness against the Russian mob.
To catch her off guard, Henderson recites
the number of times her name is mentioned
from Mike Davidoff’s wiretaps.
Charlie sneers at the prosecutor after Molly
explains that they were referring to ecstasy.
This triggers Charlie to go into a frenzied,
ferocious, and relentless declamation enumerating
the various reasons Molly could have taken
advantage of, after being wrongfully harassed
by the US authorities, yet she remains vigilant
to protect all the identities she knew, because
all accusations painted by the media and the
government bear zero weight on the truth;
all of which can be proven by the hard drives
he possesses.
Henderson abandons aggression and requests
a private talk with Charlie.
He instructs Molly to grab a bite
Molly steps outside sentimental, she finds
an ice-skating rink.
She skates swiftly past the marshals who warn
her to slow down.
She skates faster and faster until a voice
tells her to bend her knees.
In a split second she looks to her left and
crashes.
It’s her dad.
They sit on a bench and he gives her three
years’ worth of therapy in three minutes.
Year one, Larry explains she chose poker over
all other fields that she could have succeeded
in, because subconsciously, she wanted to
control powerful men.
Year two, Molly discovers the truth of why
her father was always hard on her.
It was the catalyst needed so he could raise
3 remarkable achievers on a college professor’s
salary.
Year three, she uncovers the truth why Larry
appeared to like her brothers more over her.
She had caught him cheating on her mom when
she was 5 years old and even though she had
no memory of it, she subconsciously knew,
which caused her to act out.
The year one statement was just a distraction
to make her mad.
Everything now made sense.
Emotions arise, they make amends and hug each
other.
Charlie waits back in his office with tension
in his face.
Molly startles him.
Molly kids around until Charlie interrupts
her with a new offer from the prosecutors.
She gets her money back plus interest and
she walks, in exchange for all her hard drives.
They engage in a heated argument because Charlie
wants Molly to take the offer.
Unmoved by Charlie’s convincing argument;
Molly assures Charlie that she would rather
plead guilty than destroy more lives because
her name is more valuable than getting her
money back.
Molly and Charlie wait in the courtroom as
Judge Foxman arrives.
He asks her 87 questions before he can accept
her plea.
Molly pleads guilty.
Judge Foxman beckons for the prosecutors to
approach and talks to them in private.
Molly is confused.
Judge Foxman casually denounces the prosecutors’
recommendations for punishment.
He sentences Molly with 200 hours of community
service, a year probation, and a $200,000
fine before adjourning the court.
They are seen celebrating, joking about how
nobody messes with the Blooms, and talking
about Christmas miracles.
During this merriment and feast, she is stung
by the hard reality that she has no idea what
happens to her life next.
Recalling what happened in the accident, she
slowly regains consciousness.
Molly insists she's fine and asks for help
to get up.
She narrates that nothing good came out of
this except for the fact that she is very
hard to kill.
The camera passes atop the downward slope
where she came from as she quotes Churchill
for his definition of success: “The ability
to move from failure to failure with no loss
of enthusiasm”.
The pine bough that started all this is sticking
out in the snow.
The End.
Thank you for watching!
Subscribe if you'd like to see more videos
like this.